change bytesize topic (#2508)
nf-core/website: src/content/events/2024/bytesize_resolve_merge_conflics.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: Resolving merge conflicts after a tools release'
subtitle: Kübra Narci, GHGA/DKFZ
type: talk
startDate: '2024-05-14'
startTime: '13:00+00:00'
endDate: '2024-05-14'
endTime: '13:30+00:00'
locations:
  - links: https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

> What Kübra ([@kubranarci](https://github.com/kubranarci)) live, as she is reloving merge conflics resulting from the newest tools release in the [pull request for nf-core/variantbenchmarking](https://github.com/nf-core/variantbenchmarking/pull/37)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whatch Kübra ([@kubranarci](https://github.com/kubranarci)) live, as she is resolving merge conflicts and the changes from the automated PRresulting from the newest tools release in the [pull request for nf-core/variantbenchmarking](https://github.com/nf-core/variantbenchmarking/pull/37)!
```
